friends as they are I hope that good
in this video tutorial how to download
is the bottle to be able to save your
experience for been very experience
easy to be able to enchant things in
things always shit us when you have not
be 45 of experiences put 2
you go to the mine two seconds to chopped something
productive and you appear a son of a bitch
and I kill you
it's bad and when you go to look for your
existence and you are going to look for your experience
all that sum you are five levels
of the 45 that you had
finally this mod
it's the first time I'm going to go down from
my computer for me with engine so
I hope they work for me
download minecraft jorge i just have
so I'm not out to be left
there we give you to download
We wait for 5 seconds please
wait to introduce friends
what do you want to present friends
good
It's 2 in the morning
when we open new folders of
downloads if they have the xp version
windows 7 starter and flag that does not
we are going to download
and downloads we take good we grab
and let's do this here and we spend in the
mods folder
the cars to the mods folder and in my
first time recording and uploading this mod
so imagine, I look forward to
you make this work for me
obviously here I will not appear
again
well I do not know it will not seem
still because I have not yet it
update the launcher then that's why
same here I have a launcher we open it
everything all everything all everything all everything
everyone
good
and once we saw it it's not going to
see this red mine
we did not go down to look low
122 good listen to me loading down that for
please because I'm recording that my
screen is going to come out in your audio
faster stronger
more breath audio stronger than my voice
no no boludo
drop it because it's going to be the last time
a video will come out
good guys here we are going in
there would be no other bank
the fruit
or does not respond
we hope they run and this happens to me
because I have many saved with nothing
but then without equal
this way the voice in the middle of an old
reiterated
for those of payment since we speak here
that I have 13 modes previously I
had two we have saved get a
player
if you ask not only for better
during the video also also
we better leave it as it is
and they will ask the superti sweep and if
when I'm recording your new one it 's very
scratched what that should correctly
I should do
record with a part with phrases so that
I do not get stuck since we're going to look
no no
abertis
no but sell your shot
one
now mexico and good guys are we going to
put us a second in
first we take experience
I apologize to the boys if they are going to have me
what
I put all the experience that we are going to
do now is open
proposal
this and we await the experience
perfect
and if we keep the experience in that
experienced back chest
and why come if I want to grab my
experience so I can love again
my weapons I am I think you are going with
draw gross here you have your experience
I hope this video has served you
Manito above commented to subscribe and
those things work too well
Now I'm asking how is it that
active and I also have no idea
this state has repeated above
what we ask
now you have to say manito up
and those but hard
I run
ah
and I like those things